---
description: Update Summary.
---

# v2.0.0

### Firmware V2.0.0

1\. Support for dynamic reduced mode.

2\. Support for TCP payload identification in non-horizontal mounting situation.

3\. Support trajectory planning method to circumvent singularities.

4\. xArm self-collision threshold lowered from 8mm to 6mm.

5\. Optimize the motion planning method for non-zero initial acceleration.

6\. Optimize the problem that trajectory recording is affected by mode switching.

7\. Expand the capacity of TCP commands log to improve the traceback capability of servoj commands.

8\. Support for getting the last position command before an error is reported.

9\. Fix a firmware crash and a constant buzzer after reading an empty controller SN file.



### &#x20;Studio V2.0.0

1\. Update user interface and interaction.

2\. 3D interface supports display of end-effectors.

3\. 3D interface supports display actual TCP offset.

4\. xArm 6 and Lite 6 add the “Align” button.

5\. Optimize the operation flow of Lite 6 trajectory recording, removing the logic of releasing the end button to end recording.

6\. Optimized the text of Blockly-IO-End IO.

7\. Blockly adds a method to continuously get the end digit input status.

8\. xArm's Blockly project running as script by default.

9\. Python IDE adds upload files and folders.

10\. Add the mounting direction check for the robot arm before starting payload identification with the 6-axis force torque sensor.

11\. IO debugging interface adds a hint that the IO function has been assigned.

12\. Set safety boundary add current TCP position detection.

13\. Merge the TCP payload and TCP offset parameters.

14\. Set the reduced mode add current joint angle detection.

15\. Remove quick access from assistive features.

16\. Advanced settings - Export configuration file add robot type as prefix of the file name.

17\. Firmware and UFACTORY Studio updates support offline method.

18\. Fix several issues.
