---
description: Update Summary.
---

# v2.3.0

### Firmware v2.3.0

1\. Gcode supports G2/G3 arc motion; add several error types and error codes for Gcode.

2\. Arc motion supports negative angle.

3\. Support Modbus timeout query at the end of robot arm.

4\. The payload identification of the 6-axis force torque sensor supports the installation methods of ceiling, wall-up and wall-down.

5\. The manual mode of the six-dimensional torque sensor supports self-collision detection.

6\. Optimize the experience of using the 6-axis force torque sensor.

7\. Add the parameter query for C23/C24/C31/C37 errors.

8\. Add the error code C43 for dynamics loading failure.

9\. Manual mode soft limit supports UFACTORY 850.

10\. Optimize the problem of joints abnormal when the controller starts with SN 1304 and connect the arm of 1303 or below version.

11\. Fix the problem that when the LineB command with big attitude change, the following command may report the problem of overspeed.

12\. Optimize the problem of abnormal speed of TCP 30000 data reporting port in simulation mode.

13\. Fix the problem of timeout when accessing the interface of the end of robotic arm in simulation mode.



### Studio v2.3.0

1\. Redesign the page and interactive logic.

2\. Blockly-support store variables without assigning values.

3\. Blockly-allowed to view logs by scrolling up and down, and to copy log contents.

4.Blockly-optimize the problem that sequential click on Blockly's circle command.

5\. Blockly-add the "wait" parameter for linear motor.

6.Blockly-fix the problem that Robotiq's gripper position commands are not executed.

7.Blockly- remove the logic of sending TCP payload again if the TCP payload reported by the firmware is inconsistent with the current one when Blockly is running.

8.Gcode - add Gcode page; add Gcode error code; add built-in Gcode example; support G2/G3 commands.

9.Torque Sensor - add C18 specific error code query.

10\. Torque Sensor - payload identification supports ceiling, wall-up and wall-down mounting.

11.Torque Sensor-adjust the parameters of manual mode of torque sensor to optimize the hand teaching experience.

12\. Settings - General Settings - add robot parameter observation page.

13.Settings-Externals-Modbus RTU, add the function of saving Modbus debugging commands; add Modbus timeout settings.

14\. Settings-General-Assistive Features, add Python IDE entry.

15\. Python IDE-restrict the execution of .py files only; disable the operation of creating files and folders in Blockly to Python folders.

16\. Python IDE-add record the page status of Python IDE.

17\. Control Logic-remove the logic that sends the TCP payload again if the TCP payload used by the button of the Live-Control page is inconsistent with the value reported by the firmware.

18\. Optimize the pop-up window, C23 add the joint ID and joint angle if the joint angle is over the limit; C24 add the joint ID and joint speed if the joint speed is over the limit; C31 add the joint ID, theoretical torque and actual torque if there is an error; C37 add the joint ID and joint move value if there is an error.

19\. Live-Control - fix the problem that after modifying the self-collision model through SDK, the end tool displayed in the 3D model does not match the self-collision model.



