---
description: 'Released: 2024.04.25'
---

# v2.4.0

### Firmware v2.4.0

1\. Compatible with xArm 7T.

2\. Compatible with the new version xArm 6, XI1305.

3\. Error code C38 adds error joint ID and joint angle information.

4\. Error code C23 supports multiple error joint IDs and joint angle information.

5\. Add error code C44 to determine missing or incorrect SN, or inconsistency between SN and firmware type.

6\. Add interface for querying the effective duration of recorded trajectories.

7\. Add parameter and status reporting for safety boundary and reduced mode.

8\. By passing singularity function is enabled by default.

9\. Modbus TCP supports triggering Gcode projects.

10\. Force sensor adds force control in Rx/Ry/Rz directions.

11\. Optimize noise drift and data delay of force torque sensor.

12\. Optimize teaching experience of force torque sensor.

13\. Fix the problem that clearing controller error after robot power-on may report error C110.

14\. Optimize the problem of returning random values when getting TCP position interface under high-frequency operation.



### Studio v2.4.0

1\. Compatible with xArm 7T.

2\. Compatible with the upgraded version of xArm 6, XI1305.

3\. Blockly - Add a code block for sending and receiving Modbus RTU commands.

4\. Blockly - Add a code block for getting the value of one direction of the six-axis force torque sensor.

5\. Blockly - Add code blocks for force control in one direction of the six-axis force torque sensor.

6\. Blockly - Add circle motion command with variables.

7\. Blockly - Add linear motion command for axis angle control.

8\. Blockly - Add pick up detection for the xArm Gripper.

9\. Blockly - Support copy and paste Blockly files.

10\. Blockly - Optimize the logic of importing trajectories in Blockly.

11\. Blockly - Support import Blockly projects with one code block.

12\. Blockly - MC controller, optimize the problem that the linear motor is still moving after the program stop.

13\. Blockly - Optimize the problem that the parameters of Blockly are not synchronized after changing the TCP and coordinate parameters on the settings page.

14\. Blockly - Fix the problem that it cannot automatically enter the last operated Blockly file.

15\. Blockly - Fix the problem that after creating a blank project, switching projects and then switching back to the blank project page will keep showing the loading animation.

16\. Blockly - Fix the problem that the wait parameter of the move button did not take effect in the relative motion.

17\. Gcode - Fix the problem that when importing a folder with the same name, it prompted import success but actually did not import to the list.

18\. Live Control - Recording, fix the problem of inconsistent display time before and after saving the trajectory.

19\. Settings - Externals, add Modbus TCP (client) debugging interface.

20.Settings - Externals - Linear Motor, remove the association between "Is the linear motor installed" and Blockly linear motor command.

21\. Settings - Externals - Linear Motor, query the initialization status of linear motor once when the button "Is the linear motor installed" is turned on.

22\. Settings - Externals - Linear Motor, change the initialize button to the no state button.

23\. Settings - Linear Motor, fix the issue that the linear motor position was not updated when switching to the linear motor page by the settings button..

24\. Settings - Externals - Torque Sensor, remove the association between "Is the 6 Axis Force Torque Sensor installed" and Blockly torque sensor command.

25.Settings - Motion - TCP, new TCP can reuse existing TCP payload and TCP offset parameters.

26.Settings - General - Advanced Settings, fix 850/xArm 7T import/export configuration file problem.

27\. Settings - General - optimize the problem that the download button is not displayed after switching pages.

28.Settings - My Device - Device Info, fix the problem that the system time is shifted by 8 hours when the controller is powered off after synchronizing the time.

29\. Remove the logic of "overwrite the coordinates settings of the firmware if it's inconsistent with the software".

30\. Safeguard stop adds pop-up alerts.

31\. Optimize the issue that the clear error button on the error reporting pop-up would clear warnings and enable robot.

32\. WebSocket API - add motion callback.

33\. Add parameter query for S17 error reporting.
